Update Symmetric Pointer Text (#276)
openshmem-org/specification: content/memory_model.tex

determined by the implementation. The Symmetric Heap may reside in different
memory regions on different \acp{PE}.
Figure~\ref{fig:mem_model} shows an example \openshmem
memory layout, illustrating the location of remotely accessible symmetric
objects and private data objects.  As shown, symmetric data objects can be
located either in the symmetric heap or in the global/static memory section of
each \ac{PE}.

\subsection{Pointers to Symmetric Objects}

Symmetric data objects are referenced in \openshmem operations through the
local pointer to the desired remotely accessible object.  The address contained
in this pointer is referred to as a {\em symmetric address}.  Every symmetric
address is also a {\em local address} that is valid for direct memory access;
however, not all local addresses are symmetric.  Manipulation of symmetric
addresses passed to \openshmem routines, including pointer arithmetic;
structure or union member access; and array indexing are permitted as long as
the resulting local pointer remains within the same symmetric allocation or
object.  Symmetric addresses are only valid at the \ac{PE} where they were

> generated; using a symmetric address generated by a different \ac{PE} results

Reviewer: just a minor suggestion for clarity:

using a symmetric address generated by a different \ac{PE} for direct memory access or as an argument to an \openshmem routine results in undefined behavior.

in undefined behavior.

Symmetric addresses provided to typed and type-generic \openshmem interfaces
must be naturally aligned based on their type and any requirements of the
underlying architecture.  Symmetric addresses provided to fixed-size (e.g.

> \FUNC{shmem\_put32}) \openshmem interfaces must also be aligned to the given

Author: ```suggestion
\FUNC{shmem\_put32}) \openshmem interfaces must have storage size equal to the bit-width of the given operation\footnote{The size of a byte is implementation-defined in C.  Users can consult \CONST{CHAR\_BIT} in limits.h for additional information} and be aligned to the given
```

Author: @nspark Feel free to help with wordsmithing.  :neckbeard:

size.  The ``mem'' interfaces, e.g. \FUNC{shmem\_putmem} have no alignment

> requirements.  Because \CorCpp{} structures may be contain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
requirements.  Because \CorCpp{} structures may contain
```

memory section of each \ac{PE}. 

\subsection{Pointers to Symmetric Objects}

Symmetric data objects are referenced in \openshmem operations through the
local pointer to the desired remotely accessible object.  The address contained
in this pointer is referred to as a {\em symmetric address}.  Manipulation of
symmetric addresses, including pointer arithmetic; structure or union member
access; and array indexing are permitted as long as the resulting local pointer
remains within the same symmetric allocation or object.  Symmetric addresses
provided to typed and type-generic \openshmem interfaces must be naturally
aligned based on their type and any requirements of the underlying
architecture.  Symmetric addresses are only valid at the \ac{PE} where they
were generated; using a symmetric address generated by a different \ac{PE}
results in undefined behavior.

The \FUNC{shmem\_ptr} routine allows the programmer to query a {\em local
address} to a remotely accessible data object.  The resulting pointer is valid
for direct load and store access; however, providing this address as an
argument of an \openshmem routine that requires a symmetric address results in

> undefined behavior.

Author: @nspark Mention that every symmetric address is also a valid local address (i.e. local address is a superset).
